


2024: 02: 21:


I was having some what I thought was legal cannabis.

WHEN I GOT HOME. I THINK it was laced with something.


I started having feelings like I was on a tranquilizer.

Like ketamine.  Thought I have only knowingly tried that twice. Hated it both times.


I started loosing balance, the vision spun, and breathing was not regular.

I called 911 and started running and doing strength and endurance and PAIN training sets or skill sets like reps in muscle training.


It was what I think saved my life.


When I wasn't running or hitting a metaphorical punching bag gym apparatus in my mind, I was feeling like passing out and dying.

It was just like clozaril after missing it a few days and taking a full dose.

But this was different but more terrifying.


THE AMBULANCE showed and right away did not take me serious.

From beginning of my interaction with them and all the way to the hospital where I waited in a hall way with out any help at all from the police and the ambulance people.

THEY just stood in a line and talked and laughed and looked at me and kept asking questions when I asked a question like could I have some oxygen or fentanyl cure dosages.


So when they ambuelance people showed up they did not help me at all.   They would not listen to my pleas to stay alive and get oxygen or fentanyl over dose kits.


They I believe were working with the police in a smear campaign.


The ambulance claimed i was violent but only could confirm on camera that I was only verbal high strung and loud and angry.

I never ounce said I would harm them or got even close enough in my mind to want to cause them harm or with my verbal mouth words.



THe police kept confirming for me that I was polite, funny, and a good time.

But then switched their stories as soon as we got to the hospital.


I think the 4 of them and the doctor were trying to get me killed by compliment on purpose negligence. or Attempted murder.


